[DOC] Add cookbook (#1840)
seqan/seqan3: CHANGELOG.md

Note that 3.1.0 will be the first API stable release and interfaces in this release might still change.

> * The Seqan3 Cookbook is added to the documentation. It contains a listing of code examples on how to perform
>   particular tasks using the library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check out our new \ref cookbook "SeqAn3 Cookbook". It contains a listing of code examples on how to perform
  particular tasks using the library.
```
